add community section (#2081)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/community/community-guidelines.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we remove duplication between: https://flowfuse.com/handbook/company/communication/#node-red-community-interactions.

I think that section I just linked should be removed and the contents, where not yet done, to be present in these pages.

Reviewer: As outreach is a marketing activity, I think this should all be under `/handbook/customer/community/*`.

Reviewer 2: +1 @sumitshinde-84 can you please move it.

navTitle: Community Guidelines
---

## Node-RED is FlowFuse

> We strongly encourage the belief that the Node-RED and FlowFuse communities are the same.Whether you are a FlowFuse community member or an employee, you should treat both community members equally. Remember, the success of FlowFuse lies in the success of Node-RED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly encourage the belief that the Node-RED and FlowFuse communities are the same. Whether you are a FlowFuse community member or an employee, you should treat both community members equally. Remember, the success of FlowFuse lies in the success of Node-RED.
```

> We strongly encourage the belief that there is no difference between the Node-RED and FlowFuse communities. Whether you are a FlowFuse community member or an employee, you should treat both community members equally. Remember, the success of FlowFuse lies in the success of Node-RED.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We strongly encourage the belief that the Node-RED and FlowFuse communities are the same.Whether you are a FlowFuse community member or an employee, you should treat both community members equally. Remember, the success of FlowFuse lies in the success of Node-RED.
```

### General Guidelines

We provide the following guidelines to help ensure that our community remains respectful, collaborative, and supportive. These principles are grounded in common sense and shared values. Adhering to them can create a welcoming environment for all members and foster a culture of mutual respect and growth.

> 

Reviewer: Link to the CoC of Node-RED: https://nodered.org/about/conduct/?

> We provide the following guidelines to help ensure that our community remains respectful, collaborative, and supportive. These principles are grounded in common sense and shared values. By adhering to them, we can create a welcoming environment for all members and foster a culture of mutual respect and growth.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We provide the following guidelines to help ensure that our community remains respectful, collaborative, and supportive. These principles are grounded in common sense and shared values. Adhering to them can create a welcoming environment for all members and foster a culture of mutual respect and growth.
```
